# Roadmap 
The data used in our empirical analysis are drawn from multiple sources. Due to confidentiality agreements, the original vehicle registration and attribute data cannot be shared. Instead, we provide a compiled and encrypted dataset. Specifically, we generate pseudo-identification codes for provinces, vehicle models, and manufacturers, and seasonality effects have been removed from the dataset.
## Replication steps for the part of reduced form analysis.  
- Summary statistics.
  - `table_1.do`.
- Baseline results of regression discontinuity in time estimation.
  - Estimates are computed by `table_B1.do`.
  - Results in Figure 4 and Figure 5 are plotted by `figure_4_and_figure_5.do`.
- Robust checks.
  - Refer to `table_B2.do` for the replication of specifications with control variables or extended research windows.
  - Refer to `figure_A3.do` for the replication of robust checks on bandwidth selection.
  - Refer to `figure_A4.do` for the robust checks on the discontinuity of unaffected continuous variables.
  - Refer to `table_B3_donut.do` for the Donut specification for expectation effects.
  - Refer to `table_B3_lags.do` for the Autoregression test.
  - Refer to `table_B4.do` for the upper and lower bounds of estimates in the setting of discrete running variables.
  - Refer to `table_B5.do` for inference with RD-honest method.
  - Refer to `figure_A5.do` for placebo tests with fake policy timing.
  - Refer to `figure_A6.do` for event study on the search intensity of the tax cut.

## Replication steps for the part of structural model estimation.
- We revise and customize the codes of pyblp. Please replace your installed pyblp with our posted one, which is wrapped in pyblp_engine_specifc_tax_prog.zip.
- Python 3.7 is recommended for the realization of replication.
- Baseline results (in Table 3).
  - Demand side estimation: `table_3_demand_side.py`.
  - Supply side estimation: `table_3_supply_side.py`.
- Compute demand elasticity (statistics in Table 4 and points in Figure 6).
  - `table_4.py`.
- Validity tests. (Table 5, for both Panel A and Panel B)   
  - Estimates in Column (1) are copied from Figure 4 and Figure 5 directly.
  - For estimates in columns through Column (2) to Column (9), we deploy a 2-step procedure to get them. For each model 
    specification, the first step is to estimate the demand side parameters, The second step estimates the supply side 
    and computes the model fitting of the specific specification. 
- Impact decomposition. (Table 6)
  - Refer to `table_6.py`.
- Welfare analysis (Table 7) is conducted in `table_7.ipynb`.
  - This file also generates Figure A.7 and Figure A.8.
- Robust checks in Table B.7 on alternative bandwidth setups are also generated by `table_3_demand_side.py` and `table_3_supply_side.py`.
- Results in Table B.8 are subsidiaries of `table_5_col8_step1_control_vehicle_features.py` and `table_5_col8_step2_control_vehicle_features.py`.

